Changed all sdk refs to use caret syntax (#5864)
dart-lang/site-www: src/content/tools/pub/dependencies.md

```yaml
environment:
  sdk: '^[!2.19.0!]'

dependencies:
  transmogrify:
    [!hosted: https://some-package-server.com!]
    version: ^1.4.0
```

The version constraint is optional but recommended.
If no version constraint is given, `any` is assumed.

:::version-note

> If your package has a [SDK version][] earlier than 2.19,

Reviewer: Perhaps "SDK lower-bound" or "SDK constraint" earlier than?

Author: ```suggestion
If your package has a [SDK constraints][SDK version] earlier than 2.19,
```

href="#fn:semver">1</a></sup>.

You can express version constraints using either _traditional syntax_
or _caret syntax_ starting with Dart 2.19.
Both syntaxes specify a range of compatible versions.

The traditional syntax provides an explicit range like `'>=1.2.3 <2.0.0'`.
The caret syntax provides an explicit starting version `^1.2.3`

```yaml
environment:

>   # This package must use a 2.x version of the Dart SDK starting with 2.19.
>   sdk: '^2.19.0'

Reviewer: Hmm consider changing this one to `^3.2.0` as SDK constraints `>= 2.12.0` have one-off behavior of actually supporting 3.x versions of the SDK. That just avoids any potential confusion here.

```suggestion
  # This package must use a 3.x version of the Dart SDK starting with 3.2.
  sdk: ^3.2.0
```

### Verify the integrity of downloaded packages

When retrieving new dependencies,
use the [`--enforce-lockfile`][enforce-lock] option to ensure

> the extracted package content matches the contents of the original archive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the extracted package contents match the contents of the original archive.
```
